kayden for more than 100 years camp fire
USA has been involving young people in
the outdoors and in their communities in
Central Texas an annual fundraising
effort took on a new twist when the
group swapped candy sales for service
work texas parks and wildlife has this
report about how one project is helping
a state park deal with the drought
private APIs about four times yeah me
too these kids are here for the same
reason bacon rules to share their love
of bacon hey you said you wanted more
bacon I again it's so and not it so and
to roll up their sleeves and work I'm so
happy that you're here today and so
happy that you are going to do a special
service project here at inks Lake felon
candy is a product did not really mesh
with our values and was not really a
very good message related to children's
health so we connected back to camp
fires motto give service what started
out in 1910 as a group for girls has
evolved into an organization that
involves families of all kinds in
camping cooking and community service
this year is called absolutely
incredible kids where children give
service to the community and in
particular water conservation we want to
have a butterfly garden here but guess
what there's no rain it's a drought so
the kids spent part of their camping
trip restoring a donated water tank no
not a kind of things that you drive when
you're in the army and shoot bang bang
bang bang bang it's a water tank it
holds a thousand gallons of water I'd
like you to meet inks lake water
collection tank this is it right here
yeah what is this yucky stuff on this
tank right we have to sand off the rust
with Sanders do not stand your face or
your friends face once the sanding and
painting are complete there's still time
for more tree climbing there's something
about the outdoors that just makes makes
us all more human I think nature
watching I even see a lute and a
campfire song for Texas Parks and
Wildlife this is Lydia Saldana